Title:
Environment: PC, Windowns 10, build 3.94
Steps to reproduce:
1. 
2. 
Expected results:

Actual results:

Severity: 

part 1- 

task1

Title:Player dissapers after using fast-travel feature
Environment: PC, Windowns 10, build 3.94
Steps to reproduce:
1. Launch the game and open the level "Adventure Bridge"
2. Move forward and hold on press of keyboard "C" to activate "fast-Travel" feature
Expected results:
Player start smoothly traveling faster with camera properly following in third-person, sound of movement is on, 
after deactivating by not pressing keyboard "C" player should get back to normal stage of traveling smoothly
Actual results:
Player dissapers from the screen, while the camera stays on position and sounds of movement is on
Severity: Major

task 2:
Title: Not working the "Restart Race" function via button
Environment: PC, Windowns 10, build 3.94
Steps to reproduce:
1. Launch the game and open the level "Tokio Race"
2. Start gameplay, wait 10 seconds while playing
3. On the top courner left screen press button "Restart Race"
4. Wait 5 seconds
Expected results:
Player should be asked as popup menu to confirm the restart the race, should be able to restart the race after pressing the confirm. 
gameplay should reload form first stage of the level and has abbility to proccedd to play smoothly
Actual results:
Player does not have any actions after pressing the button "Restart Race" . Functions does not work or not active
Severity: Major

part 2

task 3:
TO test dialogue subtitle system i would test language, grammar, timing of occuring the subtitle and edge cases

1. Visual and UI 
	font, the placement 
2. Language 
3. Content based on situation

task 4:

TO test achievement or trophy system i would test Visuel, UI, Save and load data, sorting,filtering and  edge cases

1. Save and Load of achievement
2. Filtering and sorting data
3. tracking the achivement
4. tracking sub tasks to achieve the main trophy
5. Visuel and UI
	Confirm that all buttons, labels and icons are alignes, visible and display correctly
	Check for language, font, or scalling issues
6. Edge Cases
	press multiple buttons quickly or use a controller during transitions.
	verify that no crashes or frozen states occur.
	

part 3

task 5: Testign previously fixed issues, to ensure they won't occur on the next build
task 6: Severity explains the type of bag is, Priority - tells us how fast it should be fixed
task 7: How the testing of a bug should be taken, called mostly as testing plan
task 8: Quick test to confirm the build runs without immediate crashes
task 9: To save a time and be punctial for developers

part4 

task 10:

Title: Game is freezing while opening inventory 
Environement: Xbox, build 1.3.7
Steps to reproduce:
1. Launch the game and go to the village map
2. Press “I” key to open the inventory
3. Wait 10 seconds
Expected Result: Inventory should open and close normaly and allow the player to manage items smoothly
Actual Result: Game freez for few seconds then unfreez again without inventary opening to the player
Severity: Minor


task 11:
severity: Major. the game is not crushing so we could not label is as criticial. 



















